AstroCloud CLI Reference Guide (#294)
astronomer/docs: cloud/cli-reference/astrocloud-dev-ps.md

---
sidebar_label: "astrocloud dev logs"
title: "astrocloud dev logs"
id: astrocloud-dev-ps
description: Reference documentation for astrocloud dev logs.
---

> ## Description
> 
> List all running Docker containers for your local Airflow environment. This command can only be used in a project directory and works similarly to `docker ps`.
> ## Usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Overview

List all Docker containers running in your local Airflow environment, including the Airflow Webserver, Scheduler, and Postgres Database. This command works similarly to [`docker ps`](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/ps/) and can only be run from a directory that is running an Astronomer Project.

## Usage
```

---
sidebar_label: "astrocloud dev logs"
title: "astrocloud dev logs"
id: astrocloud-dev-ps
description: Reference documentation for astrocloud dev logs.
---

## Description

> List all Docker containers running in your local Airflow environment, including the Airflow Webserver, Scheduler, and Postgres database. This command works similarly to [`docker ps`](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/ps/) and can only be run from a directory that is running an Astronomer Project.

Reviewer: Might be nice to list the metadata that gets outputed on this command? E.g.

- Container ID
- Created
- Status
- Ports
- Names
